This is a real-world example from JP Morgan Chase’s web site, which contains information about the bank’s businesses, services and customers. The goal of this assignment is to create a visual representation of these data that shows how the components of this large holding company are organized.


Instructions
Create a clear visual infographic of JP Morgan Chase and its businesses - using the bullet points below as your data.  Your work should communicate the textual data visually to provide a succinct and interesting picture of the JP Morgan company.   Think about the services the bank provides and how to represent them visually. To get started, ask yourself: Do I understand these banking functions? Which customers tap into which services? How are these services organized? Use visual methods to represent these concepts and processes, and how they are related; consider grouping, hierarchy, connection and interaction, as appropriate. Some visual communication tools include: lines, shapes, color, images, icons and typography. You will be graded on how well you organize this information visually, and on how well you use visual language to communicate this structure in a professional manner. Be sure to include a title for your work and a "take-home-message" that expresses your viewpoint. Credit all external sources at the bottom of your work, and include your name as the designer. Always include your name and the assignment name in the title of the PDF you submit.

This assignment is due prior to the Class Session in Module 3, and will be reviewed in class. Revised assignments will be due four days later.  Please simply upload the revision.   Please  leave the previous draft in the forum as well - for purposes of comparison.


Data
Direct citation from the JP Morgan Chase Website: https://www.jpmorganchase.com/corporate/About-JPMC/about-us.htm (Links to an external site.)Links to an external site. 

“We are a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.6 trillion.
We operate in more than 60 countries. We have over 240,000 employees.
We serve millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients.
We are a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.
Our stock is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average"
